Initial version of EKS terraform config (#986)
googleforgames/agones: site/content/en/docs/Installation/terraform.md

az aks get-credentials --resource-group agonesRG --name test-cluster
```

> Check that you have an access to kubernetes cluster:

Reviewer: Nit
```suggestion
Check that you have access to Kubernetes cluster:
```

### Reference
Details on how you can authenticate your AKS terraform provider using official [instructions](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/azurerm/auth/service_principal_client_secret.html)

{{% feature publishVersion="1.3.0" %}}
# Installing the Agones as Terraform submodule on AWS EKS

{{< alert title="Note" color="info" >}}
AWS EKS Terraform configuration is not fully functional.
`terraform destroy` leaves EKS cluster, so please remove EKS cluster and other objects, like VPC Security Groups manually.

> [Pull requests](https://github.com/googleforgames/agones/pulls) to finish the functionality are appreciated.

Reviewer: Is this an issue with Terraform or Agones?

Author: Issue with Terraform providers, which probably could be fixed by updating `.tf` files contained in this PR. I will get an access to AWS soon, and will make a more thorough testing.

Reviewer: The reason I ask is - by saying "we accept PRs" it sounds like it's an Agones problem, rather than a Terraform one.

Maybe we should say something like "This will be updated when the issue (link to issue) with Terraform is fully resolved" -- or something like that.

WDYT?

Author: Yes, that was copied, thought that this would be like a standard way.
I could not find exact issue now, there were many releases in between. 
I will remove this statement for now.

{{< /alert >}}

> You can use Terraform to provision your Amazon EKS (Elastic Kubernetes Service) cluster and install Agones on it using Helm Terraform provider.

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
You can use Terraform to provision your Amazon EKS (Elastic Kubernetes Service) cluster and install Agones on it using the Helm Terraform provider.
```

> The example of EKS submodule config file could be found here:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example of the EKS submodule config file can be found here:
```

 {{< ghlink href="examples/terraform-submodules/eks/module.tf" >}}Terraform configuration with Agones submodule{{< /ghlink >}}

Copy `module.tf` file into a separate folder.

Configure your AWS CLI tool [CLI configure](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-chap-configure.html):
```
aws configure
```

Configure your terraform:
```
terraform init
```

> By editing `modules.tf` you can change some parameters as you need, for example EC2 instance type. Note that the maximum number of instances in the workers group is limited by 3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By editing `modules.tf` you can change the parameters that you need to, such as the EC2 instance type. Note that the maximum number of instances in the workers group is limited by 3.
```

> Note that the maximum number of instances in the workers group is limited by 3.

What does that mean? I can't more than 3 instances?

Author: at the moment of writing that was true, I copied this from the docs of terraform provider. Let me check this statement.

Reviewer: Suggestion on the sentence structure.

> Note that the maximum number of instances in the workers group is limited **to** 3.

I wasn't sure what "limited by 3" meant

Now you can deploy Agones on EKS:
```
terraform apply
```

> After deploying the cluster with Agones, you can get or update your kubeconfig using next command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After deploying the cluster with Agones, you can get or update your kubeconfig by using:
```

```
aws eks --region us-west-2 update-kubeconfig --name agones-cluster
```

With the following output:
```
Added new context arn:aws:eks:us-west-2:601646756426:cluster/agones-cluster to /Users/alexander.apalikov/.kube/config
```

> Switch `kubectl` context to recently created one:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Switch `kubectl` context to the recently created one:
```

```
kubectl config use-context arn:aws:eks:us-west-2:601646756426:cluster/agones-cluster
```

> Check that you have an access to kubernetes cluster:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check that you are authenticated against the recently created Kubernetes cluster:
```
